# Protainer
Protainer is a fully open-source C++ program mainly utilizing the SFML3 and OpenGL libraries. It is a simplistic window based GUI and its main purpose is to contain and showcase personal C++ projects of mine. Anyone is entirely free to personalize the program and its files for their own projects hubs or Protainer mods. 

# Developer Note | Protainer Development #3 (6/8/2025)
To this point, no projects have been implemented yet. Matter of fact, the main Hub interface isn't complete and v0.8 will require a lot more before publishing. I am experimenting and working with multithreading with multiple SFML windows and creating an interface that can display read-only information about the current version of Protainer the user is utilizing, background variables / stored data, and information regarding other program files within Protainer. After establishing that, I'll spend more time initializing more GUI elements on the main Hub window of Protainer. Lastly, I considered in creating a system script of Protainer that utilizes the GitHub API to periodically monitor this repository and check for any new releases of Protainer. If a user is using a verison of Protainer during a time of an existing newer release, the older version will have the ability to display some text that notifies the user that a newer version is available on my GitHub. I will also somehow program this system script to automatically install this newer version by clearing all the files of the older version and fetches the files of the newer version. After this, I'll spend my remaining work time on implementing more features to the Hub interface.

Fixed Dev Message: The software is programmed under Linux (Arch to be specifically, hahaha) and I have so far programmed some code that identifies the current path of the main folder containing all of the files and stuff to run Protainer, regardless of the user's operating system. So this should be cross-platform as none of the code directly references OS exclusive path enviornments. Also, this is a PASSION PROJECT. I have school and I get tired and I'm not entirely dedicated to the development of this project.

# Side Note from Dev | Protainer v0.8 delayed (6/6/25)
Due to certain circumstances, I lost about 5 days to develop Protainer. Do note that for a day I work on this project, I spend atleast a couple of hours. Plans have changed a lot during this time of static development and I'm overhauling and reworking the main script as its pretty cluttered with class and function definitions. The main problem is that these definitions aren't effectively re-usable by entirely different C++ scripts and re-pasting them is just too messy. I would say that the reworking wouldn't take too too long and the rest of the time developing is adding more features. With the plans I have at the time of writing this, I would say v0.8 would take the month of June so I would say its publishing date will linger in **Early July**. Also school is close to coming to an end for me I will have lots of time developing Protainer in the summer break.
